Hmm, haha, daughter.
Are you really capable of finding this boyfriend?
A person as big as Zhou Lao has to give him face
Haha, look you solved the fuel.
Not only did it solve the company's immediate needs
Our company's profits have doubled a hundredfold, a thousand times
I am yes
Your family can become a leading enterprise in the pharmaceutical industry
Mom and Dad, do I still have to marry Xu Hao?
No, no, no, what is Xu Hao?
He relies on himself to have a little bit
Strength threatens us
I bah who is related to them?
That's just dizzy hehe
It's a young talent like Mr. Si
For our daughter, we are a natural match.
A natural match
Mom, that's not what you said before, hey
I was just playing
I don't know.
Does Mr. Si have the ability to see the sky?
Ha ha.
Haha I decided I love you
Hey
What account has been frozen?
How come?
The company's account was frozen
What's wrong?
Don't worry.
I'll call and ask.
Hello, what's going on with the Shen family account?
It's Zhenhai Group
Jiangzhenhai Ganjiang Zhenhai
Who's that?
He is a black and white notice and used to be a map club
Made a fortune in the gray entertainment industry
In Yuzhou?
He's involved in all walks of life.
Every aristocratic family has to sell him face
I heard that his backer
It is the army of the manager who has no complaints
Why did he get involved with Jiang Lihai?
Okay, now help me find out where Jiang Lihai is
Jiang Chenghai has a high-end club
Is forced to trade
Where does he often send me the location?